it's so i don't have to have any stands right um but this light over here is a
right um but this light over here is a
right um but this light over here is a gvm 100 watt it's very similar to my key
gvm 100 watt it's very similar to my key
gvm 100 watt it's very similar to my key light
light
light as it is a cob light but this light has
as it is a cob light but this light has
as it is a cob light but this light has a snoot that allows me to put a gobo
a snoot that allows me to put a gobo
a snoot that allows me to put a gobo which gives me the effect
which gives me the effect
which gives me the effect of a window which is pretty dope right
of a window which is pretty dope right
of a window which is pretty dope right but these two lights really makes the
but these two lights really makes the
but these two lights really makes the shot dynamic and i believe just
shot dynamic and i believe just
shot dynamic and i believe just something else just because of those two
something else just because of those two
something else just because of those two elements and a really cool accessory
elements and a really cool accessory
elements and a really cool accessory that allows me to control both of these
that allows me to control both of these
that allows me to control both of these lights to turn on and off is this
lights to turn on and off is this
lights to turn on and off is this wireless remote and it just really i
wireless remote and it just really i
wireless remote and it just really i just plug it into the adapter that sends
just plug it into the adapter that sends
just plug it into the adapter that sends the signal to this and i can just turn
the signal to this and i can just turn
the signal to this and i can just turn it off and on but to show you the the
it off and on but to show you the the
it off and on but to show you the the power of this kind of lighting i'm going
power of this kind of lighting i'm going
power of this kind of lighting i'm going to turn off my key light and you can see
to turn off my key light and you can see
to turn off my key light and you can see like the shine in my hair and kind of
like the shine in my hair and kind of
like the shine in my hair and kind of the shine on my shoulders obviously the